Add HA Proxy setup and Collect HA Proxy logs (#885)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/application/haproxy.md

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/haproxy_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

> ## HaProxy Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HAProxy Configuration
```

> 1- Setup HaProxy following the official documentation on section below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1- Setup HAProxy following the official documentation on section below
```

> HaProxy configuration default file `haproxy.cfg` will be found on repo `/etc/haproxy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HAProxy configuration default file `haproxy.cfg` will be found in the directory `/etc/haproxy`
```

2- Add the following line to this file as the 1st line of the `global` section 
````
        log 127.0.0.1    local2
````

> 3- Restart HaProxy for configuration to be taken account and verify the status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3- Restart HAProxy for configuration to be taken account and verify the status
```

````

> 	sudo systemctl restart HaProxy.conf && systemctl status HaProxy.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	sudo systemctl restart haproxy && systemctl status haproxy
```

````

> HaProxy logs are now generated on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HAProxy logs are now generated on your machine.
```

> After HaProxy has been setup and configured, the logs have to be sent to a Rsyslog collector then forward to SEKOIA.IO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After HAProxy has been setup and configured, the logs have to be sent to a Rsyslog collector then forward to SEKOIA.IO
```

> Here is an example of HaProxy configuration file on Rsyslog to be used (to be adapted):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of HAProxy configuration file on Rsyslog to be used (to be adapted):
```
